Fixing unintelligible and add link to blog post (#475)
thechangelog/transcripts: founderstalk/founders-talk-38.md

**Sam Soffes:** \[00:56:12.03\] I did.

> **Adam Stacoviak:** Is this what you did at look to then because you had this [blog post](https://soffes.blog/staying-strong), "Staying Strong", and in there you didn't mention any names... So this is actually what we're talking about, right?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Adam Stacoviak:** Is this what you did allude to then because you had this [blog post](https://soffes.blog/staying-strong), "Staying Strong", and in there you didn't mention any names... So this is actually what we're talking about, right?
```
